[Music]
I have been in California for a very
long time it was a lot of fun after the
trip to Yosemite I'm supposed to go back
to LA but if I'm being honest I'm not
really feeling it I have had enough LA
currently 5:30 in the morning and I got
from Yosemite going to the airport I
have a return flight to LA and I just
get a hotel prices I'm like I don't want
to spend more money
[Music]
so if you guys are new around here hey
my name is Sarah deejay rhymes with
Peachy I'm from Dallas Texas so I heard
instead of staying in California for two
more weeks I didn't have that many like
meetings and things why not visit my
hometown of Dallas Texas while I'm on my
way back to the east coast because my
mom has been texting me saying oh my
gosh I miss you I want to come visit New
York so let's bring this party to her
and I got a hurry because apparently the
taxi driver does take credit cards so I
have to go ask for some cash from my
parents let's go do this
you're gonna have to quietly sneak to
the back
[Music]
they are so shocked right now like who
is the stranger breaking into their home
doesn't recognize it's me taxi driver
doesn't take credit card can I borrow
$10 very just Airport Airport
[Music]
okay guys new mission I'm going to scare
other people with my presence apparently
my family made plans with my mother's
family and everyone is here no one knows
that I am here and because I am the
favorite one out of everyone in the
family everyone is going to be so
pleased right Jeannie I'm the favorite
favorite you are well-liked Oh No was
that my phone where's your phone it's
broken I have dropped this thing so many
times
do you guys feel the anticipation do you
feel it
[Applause]
[Music]
Naomi were you surprised two days what a
so good to see you guys
you too were you surprised Michael David
were you were you just like so delighted
when you saw me always
it has been another video hopefully this
video gave you some encouragement maybe
go hug a family member but don't throw
the lemons at them okay go hug a friend
you haven't seen in a while I'm glad
that I substituted a few days in
California for a few days in Texas and
we're just gonna make our way back to
the east coast cuz I Love New York my
next destination isn't New York so
you'll have to stay tuned to see where
I'm going and perfect way to end my
Texas trip is with a vanilla Dr Pepper
from the sonic I'm sorry hint friends
this is the only time I drink soda is
when there's Sonic's on every corner and
a vanilla dr. pepper is one dollar at
happy hour
you miss me genie let me know if you
like this video like for all of the
family and friends that I love so much
here I'm very sad that they're not in
New York since that place truly has my
heart and the people in Texas have my
heart hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
even though subscribing doesn't even
matter anymore so maybe just come back
and check out my channel every week
see the new videos that I'm hosting
anything to say d PG
[Applause]
[Music]
you